com/android/task/vehicle/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.android.task.vehicle.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/android/task/vehicle/databinding/FragmentVehicleDetailsBinding.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.databinding.FragmentVehicleDetailsBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_android_task_vehicle_views_VehicleDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_android_task_vehicle_views_VehicleDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/android/task/vehicle/viewModel/VehicleViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.viewModel.VehicleViewModel_HiltModule
com/android/task/vehicle/databinding/ErrorLayoutBinding.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.databinding.ErrorLayoutBinding
com/android/task/vehicle/MainApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/android/task/vehicle/MainApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/android/task/vehicle/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/android/task/vehicle/views/Hilt_VehicleDetailsFragment.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.views.Hilt_VehicleDetailsFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_android_task_vehicle_MainApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_android_task_vehicle_MainApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/android/task/vehicle/DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.android.task.vehicle.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
com/android/task/vehicle/databinding/NotesErrorLayoutBinding.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.databinding.NotesErrorLayoutBinding
com/android/task/vehicle/BuildConfig.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.BuildConfig
com/android/task/vehicle/views/VehicleDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.views.VehicleDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/android/task/vehicle/databinding/VehicleImageItemBinding.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.databinding.VehicleImageItemBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_android_task_vehicle_viewModel_VehicleViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_android_task_vehicle_viewModel_VehicleViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/android/task/vehicle/views/Hilt_VehicleFragment.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.views.Hilt_VehicleFragment
com/android/task/vehicle/viewModel/VehicleViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.viewModel.VehicleViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_android_task_vehicle_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_android_task_vehicle_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/android/task/vehicle/viewModel/VehicleViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.viewModel.VehicleViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/android/task/vehicle/Hilt_MainApplication.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.Hilt_MainApplication
 com.android.task.vehicle.Hilt_MainApplication$1
com/android/task/vehicle/databinding/VehicleListItemBinding.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.databinding.VehicleListItemBinding
com/android/task/vehicle/databinding/FragmentVehicleBinding.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.databinding.FragmentVehicleBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_android_task_vehicle_di_RepoModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_android_task_vehicle_di_RepoModuleModuleDeps
com/android/task/domain/interactors/GetVehicleNotesUseCase_Factory.java
 com.android.task.domain.interactors.GetVehicleNotesUseCase_Factory
com/android/task/vehicle/di/RepoModule_ProvideVehicleRepositoryFactory.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.di.RepoModule_ProvideVehicleRepositoryFactory
com/android/task/vehicle/views/VehicleFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.views.VehicleFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_android_task_vehicle_views_VehicleFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_android_task_vehicle_views_VehicleFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/android/task/vehicle/di/RepoModule_ProvideVehicleUseCaseFactory.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.di.RepoModule_ProvideVehicleUseCaseFactory
com/android/task/vehicle/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.android.task.vehicle.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
